[
  "You reach out... but the tail is just too fast!",
  "Nice try! But that tail has a mind of its own!",
  "You almost had it! But the tail escaped like a slippery noodle!",
  "The tail wiggles out of your grasp. It seems to be playing hard to get!",
  "You grab for the tail, but it's like trying to catch smoke.",
  "The tail jukes left, then right, and suddenly... it's gone!",
  "You got close, but the tail escapes with a cheeky waggle!",
  "Your hands close on thin air as the tail swerves away with the grace of a ninja!",
  "You’re inches away from victory, but the tail does a little dance and slips out of reach.",
  "Grabbing that tail is harder than winning a 1v1! Keep trying though, it might just take pity on you!",
  "The tail uses Quick Attack! The tail vanishes in a blur of speed!",
  "Just as you're about to grab it, the tail unleashes Double Team! Now there are five tails... good luck with that!",
  "The tail uses Agility! It’s now way too fast for your slow reflexes. Maybe level up first!",
  "You think you’ve got it, but the tail counters with Iron Tail! Ouch! That one’s gonna leave a mark!",
  "The tail uses Protect! Your attempt bounces right off. Try again when it lets its guard down!",
  "You grab at the tail, but it hits you with Thunder Wave! You’re paralyzed with shock... literally!",
  "As your hand inches closer, the tail uses Substitute! The decoy vanishes, and so does your chance!",
  "The tail uses Tail Whip! Your defenses drop, and before you know it, it’s gone!",
  "Just as you go for it, the tail uses Dig! It’s burrowed underground, laughing at your futile attempt!",
  "The tail hits you with Sleep Powder! You’re snoozing while it wiggles away. Sweet dreams!",
  "Soya's tail uses Flamethrower! It’s too hot to handle!",
  "The tail transforms into a rocket and blasts off into the sky! Mission failed.",
  "You grab the tail, but it uses Mirror Coat! The shock sends you flying back!",
  "Soya’s tail activated Stealth Mode! It’s now invisible. Good luck!",
  "As you reach for it, the tail uses Hydro Pump! Now you're drenched!",
  "The tail splits into multiple clones with Shadow Clone Jutsu! Which one is real?!",
  "Soya's tail dodges with the elegance of a ballerina, leaving you stunned.",
  "You’ve encountered a wild Tail! It flees before you can catch it.",
  "The tail summons a giant mech and pilots it out of reach! You’re outclassed.",
  "Just as you think you’ve got it, the tail uses Counter! You’re knocked back!",
  "Soya's tail uses Blizzard! Now you're stuck in a snowstorm. Nice try though!",
  "The tail uses Fly! It’s gone... soaring into the sky.",
  "The tail activates its trap card, Mirror Force! Your attempt is deflected!",
  "Soya’s tail uses Psybeam! You’re too confused to continue!",
  "The tail throws a banana peel on the floor and escapes while you slip.",
  "As you reach for it, the tail yells “BANKAI!” and transforms into something terrifying!",
  "Soya’s tail uses Giga Drain! Your energy is sapped, and the tail escapes!",
  "The tail morphs into a sword and challenges you to a duel. En garde!",
  "The tail uses Thunderbolt! You’re zapped into submission.",
  "Soya’s tail teleports to another dimension, leaving you hanging.",
  "Just as you reach it, the tail casts *Accio Freedom!* and flies away.",
  "Soya's tail uses Meteor Mash! You’re KO’d before you know what happened.",
  "You tried to catch it, but the tail activated *Star Platinum's* Stand. Ora Ora Ora!",
  "Soya's tail uses Roar of Time! You freeze in place as it slips away.",
  "The tail uses Invisibility Cloak and vanishes, leaving you in awe.",
  "Just as you grab it, the tail uses Substitute! You’re left holding a plushie.",
  "Soya’s tail casts *Expelliarmus!* Your hands are empty, and the tail escapes.",
  "The tail evolves into Mega Tail and flies off with newfound power!",
  "As you reach for the tail, it activates Ultra Instinct! It beats the crap out of you!",
  "Soya’s tail summons a portal and dives in! It's in another dimension now.",
  "You tried, but the tail uses Shell Smash! Now it's even faster!",
  "The tail pulls out a *Final Fantasy* Limit Break! The screen fades to white…",
  "Soya's tail uses Spore! You’re fast asleep while it dances away.",
  "The tail uses Earthquake! You’re thrown off balance, and it escapes.",
  "The tail just powered up with Super Saiyan energy! There's no catching it now!",
  "Soya’s tail disappears into a puff of smoke—classic ninja move.",
  "Just as you think you’ve got it, the tail uses Dragon Rage! Now you’re on fire.",
  "Soya’s tail spins like a Beyblade and launches itself out of reach!",
  "You almost had it, but the tail uses Flash! You're blinded and lose track.",
  "Soya’s tail calls for a *Fus Ro Dah!* and sends you flying!",
  "The tail uses Magic Guard! No damage can stop it now.",
  "The tail dodges your grasp using Haste! It’s just too fast.",
  "Soya’s tail goes full *Naruto* with a Rasengan and disappears into the distance.",
  "You reach for it, but the tail uses Volt Tackle! Now you’re seeing stars.",
  "The tail casts *Summon Airship* and flies away in style!",
  "Soya's tail uses Toxic! Now you’re poisoned and moving slower.",
  "As you grab it, the tail activates *The Flash* speed—good luck catching that!",
  "Soya's tail pulls out a *Yu-Gi-Oh* card and uses Trap Hole! You fall right in.",
  "The tail pulls out a sword from *Zelda* and does a spin attack, knocking you back.",
  "Soya's tail uses Bullet Punch! It’s faster than you can react.",
  "You almost had it, but the tail uses Light Screen! Now it’s invincible.",
  "Soya’s tail casts *Fireball* and escapes in the chaos of flames.",
  "The tail transforms into a massive kaiju and stomps away! No chance now.",
  "Soya’s tail uses Mind Reader! It knows what you’ll do before you do it.",
  "The tail uses Outrage! It’s now thrashing uncontrollably.",
  "Soya's tail blasts off into space with a *Hyper Beam*! That’s game over.",
  "The tail calls down an orbital strike from *Command and Conquer*—goodbye!",
  "Just as you reach it, the tail uses Protect! Try again next time.",
  "Soya's tail transforms into *Kirby* and floats away! You can’t reach it!",
  "You chase the tail, but it’s using *Sonic’s* Speed Boost. It’s long gone.",
  "The tail drinks a *speed potion* from Minecraft and zips away!",
  "Just as you touch it, the tail casts *Blink* from *Dishonored* and teleports!",
  "Soya’s tail uses Surf! Now you're caught in the wave as it escapes.",
  "The tail pulls out the *Master Sword* and charges at you! It’s too powerful!",
  "Soya’s tail casts *Black Hole*! It disappears into the void.",
  "Just as you close in, the tail uses Phantom Force! It's gone into the shadows.",
  "The tail uses *Hadouken!* It blasts you back as it makes its escape.",
  "Soya’s tail uses Psychic! You’re frozen in place as it gracefully exits.",
  "The tail transforms into a hoverboard and speeds off into the horizon!",
  "Soya’s tail channels its inner *JoJo* and freezes time! You can’t even move.",
  "The tail summons a tornado, spinning you in circles as it slips away.",
  "You got close, but Soya’s tail uses Quick Guard! It blocks your attempt.",
  "The tail warps into *Mario Kart*, and before you know it, a blue shell takes you out!",
  "Soya's tail uses the Force and levitates out of your reach. Jedi master level!",
  "The tail transforms into a *Keyblade* and unlocks the door to another realm.",
  "Soya’s tail taps into its *Akira* powers, and you’re left in the dust!",
  "The tail uses *Teleport*, leaving only a trail of sparkles behind.",
  "You’re almost there, but the tail pulls out a *Riot Shield*! No way through.",
  "Soya’s tail performs a perfect dodge roll, evading your grasp effortlessly.",
  "The tail summons a dragon from *Skyrim*—and flies away on its back.",
  "Soya’s tail uses *Dance Dance Revolution* moves to dance out of your grasp.",
  "Soya's Tail throws out a Pokeball and Summons CHARIZARD! Good luck fighting that!",
  "Tail used volt switch! - wait no, it was just a taser!",
  "The Tail vanishes in a smoke cloud ... only a single word is visible in the Cloud: FREDERICK!",
  "you call out to the tail: 'come heeere, salty salty salty'. You do not survive the gunshot wound afterwards",
  "You grab the tail and celebrate... but wait! It's just a hologram! The real tail is long gone.",
  "Victory at last! Or so you thought... The tail slips through your fingers like a mirage. So close, yet so far!",
  "You catch the tail and feel triumphant—until it disappears in a puff of smoke. Classic ninja tail trick.",
  "You finally catch the tail! But as you hold it up in triumph... it turns out to be a decoy! The real one waves goodbye.",
  "You’ve got it! Oh wait... no, you’re holding a plushie version of the tail. The real one’s nowhere to be found.",
  "You’re sure you’ve caught it this time! But as you look down, the tail turns into a cloud of confetti. Well played, tail. Well played.",
  "You hold the tail high in victory! But then it vanishes into thin air, leaving you holding nothing but air.",
  "You feel the tail in your grasp, but before you can celebrate, it melts away like butter. Better luck next time!",
  "Success! Or so you thought... The tail unzips itself like a costume and reveals it was never the real one. Trickster tail!",
  "You’re holding the tail... or are you? Suddenly, it vanishes, and you realize you were chasing a shadow the whole time!",
  "Against all odds, you finally grasp the elusive tail! It thrashes in your hand, trying to slip away like a gust of wind, but you hold firm. The scales feel impossibly smooth, like silk woven from clouds, and you sense the tail's ancient power pulsing beneath your grip. For a moment, it feels alive—wild, untamed, but now, at last, it is yours.",
]
